[Music]
good morning goldie my name is guy
and i live in free city
i have everything i need
[Music]
except one thing hey
excuse me hey
hey bud you ever think that there's got
to be more more than what
the stuff we do day after day literally
not once
today's gonna be different goldie what
are we looking at
who are you we ran into each other the
other day how did you find me i waited
outside by the murder train guy
i have to tell you something there is no
easy way to say this this world
it's a video game
i really want to kiss you is that weird
listen to me you're not real
[Music]
wait you let who kiss you guy there's
not a button for that
oh he found the button
buddy if we're not real doesn't that
mean that nothing you do matters
i am sitting here with my best friend
trying to help him get through a tough
time
now if that's not real i don't know what
it is
millie i know this world is just a game
but this place these people that's all i
have
thanks guy who is this guy this
character
in the video game free city has been
turning heads
by being the good guy who is blue shirt
guy you're absolutely right who is he
or she indeed this loser is ruining the
game man
i don't care if he's arnold frickin
schwartz invader
terminate him
we're doing great guy in two days the
game is gonna shut down
you this whole city they'll be gone what
if we can save it
[Music]
was that cool it felt really cool we can
change
our world but we have to fight together
i don't even know what's happening right
now
but i love it this is the first time
i've ever driven a car before
i really wish you'd mentioned that yeah
[Music]
they seem nice
it's horse and wells if questions
i think it's time we talked ready and
willing to hunt a great white whale
just call me ahab tell the story you
know
i hear you're hunting dangerous game
this is different
this is about something i've put up with
your suicidal drinking your compulsive
gambling your silly platonic affair
i gave you a second chance how wealth
and influence
can crush a man are you hoping i might
absolve you with such a personal
betrayal you made yourself court jester
nobody but nobody makes a monkey out of
william randolph
first you pick a fight with willie
you are finished menk
mr manco
the old wars cold war war on terror
he knew who we were fighting
[Music]
but now the enemy is invisible they can
destabilize entire countries
from simple reach of their keyboard
officially i can't put you on this but
if you were to go out on your own
i would need some help i'm guessing this
isn't a social pool i'm putting together
a team
and you're the best in the world of what
you do i thought this was done
i'll be back for dinner tomorrow
[Music]
hands put your gun down please five four
three
two one pull the trigger or you can
listen
we all work for different intelligence
agencies
american british german
colombian chinese but now
we have a common enemy and if we don't
stop them
let's start world war three
so we need to join forces
you have cameras in your jewelry comes
in your earrings
this is like half the cia's most wanted
you bump i grab i like the new team
we'll take it from here
i've got four more agents out on the
street that counts as six
but thanks for the tip
i have two children i am a normal person
i cannot do this anymore the bad guys
are out there right now
you go home you bring them with you
are you under control are you no
we put ourselves in danger
so others aren't
[Music]
we're
i never fit in
never could win this isn't the life you
wanted
though i tried and tried it'll be better
for you
i promise
i fell in love with country music when i
was a little girl when you let me hear
you play
if you're too scared to perform them
[Music]
songs
does anyone else here reside with you is
there anyone who lives here
no one resides with you no other hey
take everything away i don't even have a
name anymore
[Music]
quietly into the night and i'll sing to
the light of day no i
won't go quietly into the night
and i'll sing to the light of day
[Music]
a lot of people are wondering what
happened last night
with you and the boy i tried
to listen to me you didn't listen to me
if you touch me you will burn
that's impossible
do you believe me now
how did this happen to you i don't know
i don't care what he is we need to find
him
quickly get him under control
eric stop this i can't
he cannot reach a city you do agree with
me right
sometimes bad things happen to good
people
no don't take him out
[Music]
who knows what you can achieve if you
learn how to control it
[Music]
that's right i'm dressing with your eyes
peel off that spandex
stop that's not what i'm doing his
shorts are so tight
you can see that his little dude is also
wearing a tiny bank helmet
okay you seem upset well my business is
in the toilet i don't have insurance
i can barely pay my bills oh come on
today my car got repossessed other than
that i'm
amazing it's time for you
to come face to face with who you are
and what you're capable of
what is this place the answer to all
your problems
are you kidding me this is a shelter
a safe haven for women to come without
societal judgment come on sam mclaughlin
what you got lizza
you up next rocky
[Applause]
are you gonna tough out when to step out
me
guessing i lost her yeah but at least
you fought you took a lot of courage it
would take a miracle worker to help me
i think i know just the guys that's who
you want to train me
[Applause]
[Laughter]
i want you to train me train you to do
what ride a bike i'm part of a fight
club that sounds dangerous
i am sick and tired of my demons getting
better at me and i want to punch them
square in the face
i like you heidi anna okay let's go with
that
you don't even hit like a girl you hit
like a cat like a cat that can't box
a place like that should be about real
competition with real fighters
she moves like neo in the matrix i'm not
afraid of you cobra kai
better watch your back yeah well you
better watch your
front parts this pretty face
gonna lose it she's been holding back
i'll see you in here tomorrow night
heads up
let's go
[Music]
this is crazy
[Laughter]
i used to sit on top of the highest
buildings in chrome in
i looked down like a god
you still got them super powers the
power to drink a flip of whiskey and not
pay for it
[Music]
dad was a storyteller see
it's in our blood that is the punch
holster space time hey
oh you're the dude who says he's from
another planet you got superpowers right
come on i just want to hear your story
my city was named chromium so that's
where you're from they had to invent
things to hurt me
intelligent asteroids killer robots
super villains see super one more time
oh okay okay even the whiskey's weaker
here space whiskey
all right look do you have any
superpowers at all
the source of my power doesn't exist
here well you gotta fill the kid's head
with
i've always been good to you right to
you and your family
you're risking our lives to hang out
with some homeless man max didn't have
to do any of this to help us
they will find you and they will kill
you so what are we supposed to do
you fight the war
where's my brother you look
insane
see all those words put them all
together
you have a story story
captain why are you doing this little
girl is lost
i'm returning her to her surviving
family
well you can certainly handle a horse
that's right make no mistake
captain road's closed
is that the law it is now how much you
offer
she's not for sale the stories on these
pages
can't get us home
she worth dying for you can't have her
and i'm taking her home
it's hard to find anyway news of the
world
in theaters christmas
[Music]
i don't know what i'm doing wrong
i've lost my influence maybe it's time i
retired the coat
you still have it some kids with a deer
rifle put
two holes in the sleigh wanting me all i
have is a
loathing for a world that's forgotten
the united states military would like to
procure your services this is a one-time
deal gentlemen
how are you mike nicole and the kids are
well i hope
who are you
what's the job i'd like you to kill
santa claus
i'm looking for the fat man you can't be
serious
this is what people actually think of me
christmas is a farce i am a joke
what's the purpose of your visit hunting
i'm gonna kill some things
there is a rising number of our youth
making poor decisions
what the big man's head severed heads
rot they mold
they don't want his beard i'm not
shaving off a dead man's beard
your workers sure have healthy appetites
that's why elves live much longer than
humans and chris he does the same
no it's a giving that keeps him young
i've come for your head fat man
[Music]
think i got this job because i'm fat and
jolly
[Music]
lucky it wasn't blitzer should tear your
package clean off
[Music]
welcome to the block excuse me excuse me
thank you thank you so much i'm so sorry
i'm late
are you still interning for that lady
executive assistant
anna music people have certain
expectations and my girls need to flow
freely
who does your hair know what
me aren't you tired of it all the stairs
you get
you want to be one of my girls yes he's
came all the way from india
forget about where it's from let's focus
on where it's going
you're not tenderheaded are you ah i'll
be fine
[Music]
clients where the stuff is magic
wow how's it feel people look at you
and they see somebody else and somehow
you become
more of yourself i can't fault you for
doing whatever it takes to get where
they keep trying to keep us from getting
in a perfect world a woman would be able
to wear her hair
the way she wants to
the mouse-haired girl she see trees
covered in black moss
and made herself away maybe the hair in
the tree was
enchanted
that was fun to think about
[Music]
something bad has happened oh i'm aware
wants to take over us
look i cannot die today okay i've been
in church like 15 years
oh hey girl
damn that took a turn
[Music]
you're allison yeah you're gabe
hi i'm allison oh i know i'm blair
you're really pretty you are too
you used to be an actress and now you're
a director why'd you give it up
[Music]
i didn't
so do you guys have a plan for this
place i don't really know what we're
doing
we were living in brooklyn and it was
getting so expensive
and we weren't really working so
i figured if i never learned how to cook
then i would never become a housewife
you're really hard to read yeah you know
what i get that all the time
do you find it weird acting in your own
films
i actually find it kind of humiliating
roll sound mark okay whenever you're
ready action
[Music]
you don't think she knows what i'm up to
she's oversimplifying a lot it's just so
rare to pick a real artist's brain
how can you make something if you don't
have anything to say i have something to
say
i just think the movie is the only way
to say it
it's like she can't stand the fact that
i have a single thought about this world
no it's that i can't stand the thoughts
about the world that you have
this has been so fun
you don't love me anymore
leave me alone now i'm wondering what
kind of mind games you're playing with
me
a little bit me i've been lying since
the second i got here
you're in love with her you are i
i just want to be normal people again
[Music]
we are heading into a time of rebellion
punk
anarchy queer
filthy sexy kind of taboo
it literally is paris fashion week on
crack
the ball started in harlem
every single one of us can be more than
people
see on the outside the celebration of
the textures of
what different types of beautiful freaks
are out there in the world
anyone that feels like they're not safe
or they can't be themselves needs
somewhere they need that
safe place they need so where they can
belong
the volvo is just where gay straight
male female black white old young come
together and then just let's celebrate
and die
[Music]
what you do for a living doesn't matter
who you are it's all forgotten in that
one night
and you are just there to walk to own it
the ability to be strong in the face of
adversity
comes from vogue and at that moment to
be unashamed
i think the representation is a great
one to show that we're not all just
[Music]
[Applause]
foreign
[Music]
is
rapido
[Music]
me
last night a patrol car found you
behind that mirror police officers are
listening to
every word we say
your name is samantha andretti
sam you were kidnapped 15 years ago
where do you think you are right now in
the laboratory
labyrinth what do you do
today if i
finished all the mazes
he'd let me leave he
who's he
you have to help me capture this monster
we will find him
in
we have to know what you remember now
[Music]
he is not outside but inside your mind
this is okay
if you met your new mysterious guest
hannah she just checked in today
[Music]
i can't believe you're here
do you remember what it was like 20
years ago yes
before what i'm saying yeah like that
ever got us anywhere
where were you i don't know i don't
remember much
these days are you coming back
[Music]
i think one falls in love with the place
and has to keep on coming back
yeah i think you might be right
[Music]
the old world is dying
and the new world struggles to be born
[Music]
now is the time of monsters
don't you miss how hopeful we were i
wish you could be like that
[Music]
it
is
foreign
you know
[Music]
hello
um
[Music]
me
foreign
[Music]
painting prohibited working prohibited
eating prohibited drinking prohibited
i'm not the one who had the idea
[Music]
i've been ordered to monitor
this new ban
they think painting is dangerous they
think
that i am dangerous
[Music]
we're going to work together ziggy
nobody's a match
for the two of us shall we paint
together
you're supposed to watch him but you are
not allowed to paint there
useful people must comply my boy
will turn you into something useful
where are you going you need to tell
your father about that
you showed yourself to him you offered
yourself to him
you stay standing
are you coming back
[Music]
you need to help him they're going to
kill him you realize that we showed you
how one
paid sorrow
[Music]
i'm only doing my duty and if they
command you to kill me you do that too
[Music]
you